---
layout: article
title: from afar 
cover: assets/thumbnails/aspen_edit.png
show_subscribe: false
license: false
show_edit_on_github: false
tags: orchestra
instrumentation: orchestra
---



- 2222, 4221, timpani+3 perc, harp, strings
- Duration: 16 minutes (I. Dung Chen 6’, II. Luo Gu 5’, III. Gu Qin 5’)
- 1st movement read by Aspen Conducting Academy, Joseph Carlomaglo, conductor; 2nd movement read by Indiana University Concert Orchestra, Jeffery Meyer, conductor.
- Program note: 
from afar, a composition in three movements scored for full orchestra, draws inspiration from the Tibetan horn called the dungchen, the Chinese percussion ensemble luogu, and the plucked seven-string Chinese zither guqin. Each movement explores the unique timbres, techniques, and cultural significance of these traditional instruments within a contemporary orchestral framework.
The first movement captures the deep, resonant tones and harmonic complexity of the dungchen, evoking its ceremonial majesty through layered textures and dynamic swells. The second movement channels the vibrant energy of luogu, with its driving rhythms and intricate interplay, reimagining the percussion ensemble's energy through orchestral forces. The final movement reflects the introspective spirit of the guqin, embracing free phrasing, pentatonic scales, and delicate ornamentation to create a meditative soundscape.
The title, from afar, speaks to both physical and cultural distances, honoring the rich traditions of these instruments while reimagining their essence in a contemporary orchestral language. This work invites listeners to embark on a journey that bridges past and present, exploring unfamiliar yet profoundly evocative sonic landscapes.

<div>{%- include extensions/soundcloud.html id='1374541549' -%}</div>
